chore: suggestions (#856)
SAP/open-ux-odata: packages/ui5-middleware-fe-mockserver/README.md

On top of that you can specify one of the following option

- mockdataPath : the path to the folder containing the mockdata files

> - generateMockData : whether or not you want to use automatically generated mockdata <-- TODO: what happens if i set this to false and only define 1 of 2 entites in the service? error in the frontend?

Reviewer: no data in the frontend, if you say generateMockData: false you declare that you will take care of all the mockdata yourself

Author: That makes sense, but i can define 1 out of 3 OData Services with mockdata and 2 out of 3 are coming with proxy from live data, correct?

- forceNullableValuesToNull: determine if nullable properties should be generated as null or with a default value (defaults to false)

Additional option are available either per service of for all services if defined globally

- debug : toggle the debug mode
- watch : toggle the watch mode, the mockserver will restart the service where data or metadata have changed
- noETag : disable ETag support on metadata

> - strictKeyMode : disable the default "loose" mode for the key matching, you can try this if the mockserver returns too much data <-- TODO: maybe a little bit more background info about what "loose" means here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- strictKeyMode : disable the default "loose" mode for the key matching.
By default the mockserver will try many ways to match an entityset with its navigation property, which can result in some rather loose join of data. In case you have a very well defined mockdata and you feel the mockserver is returning too much data, you can enable this feature.
```

> - contextBasedIsolation : enable the support of "tenants", by adding /tenant-xxx at the very start of your service call you will be able to work on tenant isolated data. <-- TODO: is was not clear to me what `by adding /tenant-xxx at the very start of your service call` means here, it was way more clearer with the usage of the url parameter `sap-client=xxx`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- contextBasedIsolation : enable the support of "tenants".
Tenants can be enabled either by using the ?sap-client in your application / request or by prepending /tenant-xxx at the very start of your service call.
With tenants you will be able to work on tenant isolated data.
```
